All right.
Let's see how you did here.
Now I could just google this and figure it out on my own.
And I recommend that you do that as well.
But for now just based on the fact that we only have two things let's try and write this from scratch
again not something that I recommend.
But hey this will be fun.
Let's give it a go.
So how would I search for this.
Let's say I want to make sure that it's a password again.
Eight characters long or more.
But first I want to make sure that the password contains any sort of letters numbers and these symbols.
You know what.
Just for fun I'm going to add an extra challenge.
I'm going to say it also has to end with a number.
Now I know this is completely useless because you wouldn't want a password like that.
That's way too restricting.
But I think this would be fun.
Now in here we want to check a password.
Let's say it's super secret.
It has some of those symbols that I mentioned and it has to end with a number.
So we have to match all of this.
And it's over a characters.
The first thing I'm going to do is use our square brackets and say that we want to check for A to Z
which we've seen before.
If I scroll HERE WE HAVE A to Z.
We also want to make sure it's lowercase as well also a tizzy as well.
All right.
We're matching some of the things you also want to make sure that you can use numbers zero to nine.
So we have some numbers in here.
Let's say if I had some numbers that works as well and we also want to make sure that we can use some
of the symbols.
So let's just add the symbols that we can use.
Let's go back to here.
We can use this these symbols so let's just copy them.
And paste them in.
All right.
Everything in here that matches is good and looks like yep we're matching things right now.
That's good.
But if I enter another letter here that's not going to work.
We want to make sure that it ends with eight.
We also want to make sure that it's going to be at least eight characters long because I could just
do this and everything still works.
So how can we do it.
Well let's look at the reference here.
If I scroll down let's see we have exactly three of a kind.
Three or more.
OK.
This might be useful a three comma and these curly bracket matches at least three consecutive eight
characters.
All right.
So it shows you exactly what it does.
I think this is useful.
So we want to make sure our password checker is at least eight characters long.
So we're matching instead of a we're matching this whole string and it has to be at least eight characters
long.
So let's make it a character as long.
And look at that.
This is matching awesome.
Now the next part is we want to make sure it ends with a number.
So how can we do that again.
Let's check out here if there's anything special let's do.
Number or digits.
All right.
Look at that.
Any digit so let's say any digit.
So this slash D is going to match any decimal digit equivalent to zero.
Tonight All right so if I do let's say slash D.
All right.
Everything is still matching but if I type anything else out here.
Yep.
Now it's fairly so.
There's our password checker right here.
So I can just go to code generator copy this go to my ripple and here let's just create a new one say
password that will have the compiled pattern are and then paste this in.
So this is gonna be our password and I'm going to check our password.
Let's say B or let's just say check equals pattern or instead of pattern.
Let's do password and then we'll do a full search
and then the full search we'll give it the string so the string that we're gonna check will be that
password.
So let's just change this up.
We'll say pattern here too.
So this will be pattern to just so we name it properly and then the password
is going to be string some passwords.
Numbers maybe some symbols here and then ends with a number.
So let's see if that works.
If I do password here and I do check click Run
it's not full search it should be for match.
If I click Run.
There you go.
Everything is working as soon as I type in a letter.
And here I get none.
If this is less than eight characters I get none again.
Very very cool.
Hopefully you were able to get that.
If not.
Like I said I think out of this entire course this is probably the least important section I know I'm
telling you this at the end.
So you at least do it.
But I wanted to you to know that regular expression is a thing that you might encounter and you might
use throughout your career.
But like I said it's one of those things that if I had to rank the importance of it's probably at the
very end.
So hopefully your head doesn't hurt too much.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.